MONGOCRYPT-731 re-enable ASan tasks (#926)
mongodb/libmongocrypt: CHANGELOG.md

# ChangeLog
## 1.13.0 (Not yet released)
### Fixed

> - Restore default behavior to disable extra alignment when importing libbson. This was the default behavior in 1.11. This can be overriden by setting the CMake option `ENABLE_EXTRA_ALIGNMENT`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Restore default behavior to disable extra alignment when importing libbson. This was the default behavior in 1.11. This can be overridden by setting the CMake option `ENABLE_EXTRA_ALIGNMENT=ON`.
```

Recommend adding a changelog entry to the 1.12.0 release to document that it introduced the change to extra alignment defaults + refer to the 1.13.0 release concerning its revert.

Author: Good idea. Will update 1.12.0 release notes.
